---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "upstash_vector_index_data Data Source - terraform-provider-upstash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# upstash_vector_index_data (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique Index ID for created index.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (Number) The creation time of the vector index in UTC as unix timestamp.
- `customer_id` (String) The unique ID associated to the owner of this index.
- `dimension_count` (Number) Size of the vector array.
- `endpoint` (String) Associated endpoint of your index.
- `max_daily_queries` (Number) The number of maximum query operations you can perform in a day. Only query operations are included in query count.
- `max_daily_updates` (Number) The number of maximum update operations you can perform in a day. Only upsert operations are included in update count.
- `max_monthly_bandwidth` (Number) The maximum amount of monthly bandwidth for the index. Unit is bytes. `-1` if the limit is unlimited.
- `max_query_per_second` (Number) The number of maximum query operations you can perform per second. Only query operations are included in query count.
- `max_reads_per_request` (Number) The number of maximum vectors in a read operation. Query and fetch operations are included in read operations.
- `max_total_metadata_size` (Number) The amount of maximum size for the total metadata sizes in your index.
- `max_vector_count` (Number) The number of maximum that your index can contain.
- `max_writes_per_request` (Number) The number of maximum vectors in a write operation. Only upsert operations are included in write operations.
- `max_writes_per_second` (Number) The number of maximum write operations you can perform per second. Only upsert operations are included in write count.
- `name` (String) Name of the index.
- `read_only_token` (String) Readonly REST token to send request to the related index. You can't perform update operation with this token.
- `region` (String) The region where your index is deployed.
- `reserved_price` (Number) Monthly pricing of your index. Only available for fixed and pro plans.
- `similarity_function` (String) Associated distance metric to calculate the similarity.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) REST token to send request to the related index.
- `type` (String) Associated plan of the index. Either `free`, `paid`, `fixed` or `pro`.
